It's friday night and I call Gaby
If she wants to roll I gotta hit up the Caddy
She's always up like "Oh yes! Daddy!"
Cause she's got the booze, the bloc & the "mary".
Going hard its my only hobbie
And if that's the way it goes I learned it from Snoop Doggy
No messin' around even if they throw money
And always lookin' up & respectin' the homies
Homie homie, Hey hey!
We bouncin' on the Cadillac wey!
That bitch wants to blow up some yay
I'm feeling just like "Still Dre"
Eh! All good! Ok!
Rest in peace! For my uncle Nate!
Always feelin' good
cause I learned everything from my Uncle Snoop
The day I die they'll put me on the "cruz"
On my funeral spin that "Gin & Juice"
Everybody with caguamas and lights
I wanna see my thugs just lightin' them blunts
The day I die they'll put me on the "cruz"
On my funeral spin that "Gin & Juice"
Everybody with caguamas and lights
I wanna see my thugs just lightin' them blunts
Let me get at it
Laid back like a craftmatic
No static
no debris
You listening to the d o double g
I walked in with a grin
Ordered me a glass a gin
Before I go
you know it’s indoggo
And yeah I’m on that indo
So I’m laying low feeling good
Tryin stay O G
In the place to see
Cause that’s all I do cause that’s all been...
Now you can agree or disagree
Who you talking to?
Not me..
I break that down
and when I do my thing this is the sound....
The day I die they'll put me on the "cruz"
On my funeral spin that "Gin & Juice"
Everybody with caguamas and lights
I wanna see my thugs just lightin' them blunts
The day I die they'll put me on the "cruz"
On my funeral spin that "Gin & Juice"
Everybody with caguamas and lights
I wanna see my thugs just lightin' them blunts
I love you Mamacita
since I was "chiquito"
I listen to "Doggy Style"
And you'll be "de perrito"
How can I explain?
That problem is none
Cause I blame it all
On my Uncle Dogg
And I'm down with his teachings
"cause no one is fucking around y'all know what up
They taught me to be gangasta
we're keeping it classy, we at that "eleganzza"
Don't try to size up homie, cause there are levels
We bout that West Coast, to the clica we are "fieles"
We're known and respected throughout the hotels
They look at us pimpin' on them fancy furs
Baby tell me what you want!
Don't worry for them hoes & skanks
P I M P
A-L-E-M-A-N
With the D-O Double g!
The day I die they'll put me on the "cruz"
On my funeral spin that "Gin & Juice"
Everybody with caguamas and lights
I wanna see my thugs just lightin' them blunts
The day I die they'll put me on the "cruz"
On my funeral spin that "Gin & Juice"
Everybody with caguamas and lights
I wanna see my thugs just lightin' them blunts